--- TAB CONTENT: How to book your pet. --- Traveling with Pets | JetBlue Skip to main content Traveling with Pets Whether you’re a dog person or a cat person (we won’t judge), we want to make trips with your furbaby a walk in the park. Contents Know Before You Go Pet Travel Checklist Why pets (and their people) love JetBlue. FAQs Know Before You Go Travel & entry requirements Pet vaccination, documentation and entry requirements vary for each destination, so be sure to check the requirements for each destination on your itinerary well in advance. Traveling internationally ? Restrictions, requirements and documentation for both dogs (including service dogs) and cats vary by origin, destination, date of booking and date of travel. U.S. entry requirements for pets vary based on country of origin, and failure to meet these requirements may result in problems upon arrival, up to refused entry. Bringing your pet on the plane We only accept small dogs and cats. No large dogs are accommodated on JetBlue. Unaccompanied minors cannot travel with a pet. Your pet and approved pet carrier count as one personal item and must fit under the seat in front of you. You can purchase a pet carrier or at JFK T5 ticket counter (pending availability, credit card payments only). See pet carrier size limits . Only one pet is allowed per carrier, and they must be able to turn around comfortably when it’s closed. All pets must remain inside the pet carrier while at the airport and on the plane. If you purchased an additional seat for your pet, the carrier and pet must be stowed under the seat for taxi, takeoff and landing but can be placed on the empty seat during the flight. You can book your pet online at jetblue.com or the free JetBlue app, or by contacting us . Only small dogs and cats may travel on JetBlue, and must travel in the Core cabin in an FAA-approved pet carrier that fits comfortably under the seat in front of you. The pet fee is $150 (one hundred and fifty US dollars) each way and can be added in the Extras section during booking. A maximum of two pets per traveler is allowed, each in their own carrier. In order to bring a second pet, a second seat and pet fee must be paid. A total of six pets are allowed on each flight, so it’s best to book early. We know how much you love to spoil your pet, but they’re not allowed in Mint. We highly recommend that you sit in a window or aisle seat. You will not be assigned an exit row, bulkhead seat or any seat restricted for under-seat stowage. Pets are not accepted on interline/codeshare bookings (regardless of where or how the booking was made). Unaccompanied minors cannot travel with a pet. Traveling with a service dog? The policies and requirements are different than they are for pets. Get the scoop Pet Travel Checklist Traveling with your pet is a breeze when you're well-prepared and informed. Use the checklist below to ensure you have everything you need for the purr-fect trip: Necessary vaccinations and documentation ID tags Pet license FAA-approved pet carrier (no larger than 17" L x 12.5" W x 8.5" H or 43.18 cm L x 31.75 cm W x 21.59 cm H). Pet treats and chews (pets ears can pop, too) A favorite toy that has your scent Pet supplies for the trip A pre-flight workout for your pet. That way they'll adapt more quickly to their new surroundings and sleep better during the flight Why pets (and their people) love JetBlue. We know that people are happy when their furbabies are happy, so our mission to bring humanity back to air travel extends to four-legged humans, too. You don’t have to ruff it. JetBlue has the most legroom in coach, which makes it so much easier to slide that pet carrier under the seat in front of you—and it means there will still be room for your legs after you do. Want even more space? Purchase EvenMore® for extra legroom, early boarding, a prime location toward the front (for faster deplaning, too!), dedicated overhead bin space and even more premium perks. Available on all JetBlue planes. FAQs What documents do I need for my pet? Pet vaccination, documentation and entry requirements vary for each destination, so be sure to check the requirements for each destination on your itinerary well in advance. Traveling internationally ? Restrictions, requirements and documentation for both dogs (including service dogs) and cats vary by origin, destination, date of booking and date of travel. U.S. entry requirements for pets vary based on country of origin, and failure to meet these requirements may result in problems upon arrival, up to refused entry. What documents do I need for my pet? We only accept small dogs. No large dogs are accommodated on JetBlue. (Exception: Some service animals ). Your dog must fit comfortably in a pet carrier that does not exceed 17" L x 12.5" W x 8.5" H (43.18 cm L x 31.75 cm W x 21.59 cm H) No dogs/cats are carried in cargo. How do I book my pet? You can book your pet online at jetblue.com, downloading the free JetBlue app, or by contacting us . Can I buy an extra seat for my dog or cat? Yes! You may book an extra seat for your pet. However, the pet must be placed in their carrier in the floor space of the extra seat. Pets are not allowed to sit on the seat. During taxi, takeoff, and landing, your pet must remain inside the carrier under the seat in front of you. During the rest of the flight, you may hold the carrier on your lap. Or, if you purchased an additional seat for your pet, you may place the carrier on that seat or on your lap. No large dogs are accommodated on JetBlue . (Exception: Some service animals ). How many pets can I bring with me on my trip? A maximum of two pets per traveler is allowed, each in their own carrier. In order to bring a second pet, a second seat and pet fee must be paid. A total of 6 pets are allowed on each flight, so it’s best to book early. How much does it cost to fly with a pet? The pet fee is $150 each way and can be added during booking or in Manage Trips . A total of 6 pets are allowed on each flight, so it’s best to book early. How do I book a dog in cargo? We do not book dogs/cats in cargo, only in the cabin. How do I indicate that I'm traveling with a service dog? Get the scoop on service animal travel. We’ve partnered with Open Doors Organization to streamline service animal travel requests. Requesting service animal travel is a two-step process that must be completed at least 48 hours prior to your flight. We recommend starting this process as soon as you book your reservation. If your trip includes a flight on a partner airline, you'll need to contact them separately as their process may be different. Do service animals have to be in a carrier? No, service animals must be able to move about and provide needed service to the customer. How big can emotional support animals be in the cabin? We no longer accept emotional support animals. Was this page helpful? Yes No Need more info? Check out our pet help page for destination-specific policies and more. See pet policies Going global. Not all our destinations allow pets. Get the details on international travel with your four-legged family members. More on international travel Traveling through JFK? JetBlue’s Terminal 5 is the cat’s meow, with 2 pet relief areas, including the T5 Rooftop & Wooftop Lounge. Explore JetBlue’s T5 Wag-worthy swag. Prepare for takeoff with JetBlue pet accessories and toys, including our popular FAA-approved carrier. Shop now Need help? Search for answers Submit search Get To Know Us Credit Cards JetBlue Swag Our Planes Our Company Partner Airlines Travel Agents Investor Relations Careers Site Map Contact Us Policies Legal Accessibility Contract of Carriage Tarmac Delay Plan Customer Service Plan Privacy Modern Slavery Optional Services and Fees Canada Customer Rights Do not sell my info JetBlue In Action JetBlue for Good Sustainability Business With Purpose Military Press Room Get To Know Us Credit Cards JetBlue Swag Our Planes Our Company Partner Airlines Travel Agents Investor Relations Careers Site Map Contact Us Policies Legal Accessibility Contract of Carriage Tarmac Delay Plan Customer Service Plan Privacy Modern Slavery Optional Services and Fees Canada Customer Rights Do not sell my info JetBlue In Action JetBlue for Good Sustainability Business With Purpose Military Press Room Stay Connected Join our email list Download the JetBlue mobile app See help topics Indicates link opens an external site and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue. ©2025 JetBlue Airways English --- TAB CONTENT: At the airport. --- Traveling with Pets | JetBlue Skip to main content Traveling with Pets Whether you’re a dog person or a cat person (we won’t judge), we want to make trips with your furbaby a walk in the park. Contents Know Before You Go Pet Travel Checklist Why pets (and their people) love JetBlue. FAQs Know Before You Go Travel & entry requirements Pet vaccination, documentation and entry requirements vary for each destination, so be sure to check the requirements for each destination on your itinerary well in advance. Traveling internationally ? Restrictions, requirements and documentation for both dogs (including service dogs) and cats vary by origin, destination, date of booking and date of travel. U.S. entry requirements for pets vary based on country of origin, and failure to meet these requirements may result in problems upon arrival, up to refused entry. Bringing your pet on the plane We only accept small dogs and cats. No large dogs are accommodated on JetBlue. Unaccompanied minors cannot travel with a pet. Your pet and approved pet carrier count as one personal item and must fit under the seat in front of you. You can purchase a pet carrier or at JFK T5 ticket counter (pending availability, credit card payments only). See pet carrier size limits . Only one pet is allowed per carrier, and they must be able to turn around comfortably when it’s closed. All pets must remain inside the pet carrier while at the airport and on the plane. If you purchased an additional seat for your pet, the carrier and pet must be stowed under the seat for taxi, takeoff and landing but can be placed on the empty seat during the flight. Already paid the pet fee and have your pet’s SSR code? You can check in 24 hours before your flight online, on the JetBlue app or at an airport kiosk. If traveling outside the U.S. with dog more than 12 weeks of age, you must present a valid rabies vaccination certificate that includes: identifying characteristics (breed, sex, age, color, markings), a vaccination date no less than 30 days before arrival, the vaccination expiration date (if not shown, the date of vaccination must be within 12 months of date of entry) the signature of a licensed veterinarian. Once you’re checked in, please stop by a full-service counter—or speak with a JetBlue crewmember—to obtain your special JetPaws® bag tag. The tag will be attached to your pet’s carrier so everyone knows they’re runway-ready. It also comes with some handy Petiquette® tips. At the security checkpoint, remove your pet and carry (or walk) it while the pet carrier is x-rayed. Pets are allowed in the TSA Pre ✓ ® line with approved travelers. Your pet and carrier count as one personal item. All pets must remain inside the pet carrier while at the airport and on the plane. During taxi, takeoff, and landing, your pet must remain inside the carrier under the seat in front of you. During the rest of the flight, you may hold the carrier on your lap. Or, if you purchased an additional seat for your pet, you may place the carrier on that seat or on your lap. Have a pet stroller? Pet strollers will count as carry-on items and are subject to carry-on size restrictions. A pet stroller utilized by a service dog is considered an assistive device and is not subject to the carry-on restrictions. Or, you may gate-check it either to the arrival gate or bag carousel at your destination. Unless you’re at an airport that has a post-security pet relief area (like JetBlue’s T5 at JFK), you’ll need to exit the airport and return through security if your pet needs to relieve him/herself. Traveling with a service dog? The policies and requirements are different than they are for pets. Get the scoop Pet Travel Checklist Traveling with your pet is a breeze when you're well-prepared and informed. Use the checklist below to ensure you have everything you need for the purr-fect trip: Necessary vaccinations and documentation ID tags Pet license FAA-approved pet carrier (no larger than 17" L x 12.5" W x 8.5" H or 43.18 cm L x 31.75 cm W x 21.59 cm H). Pet treats and chews (pets ears can pop, too) A favorite toy that has your scent Pet supplies for the trip A pre-flight workout for your pet. That way they'll adapt more quickly to their new surroundings and sleep better during the flight Why pets (and their people) love JetBlue. We know that people are happy when their furbabies are happy, so our mission to bring humanity back to air travel extends to four-legged humans, too. You don’t have to ruff it. JetBlue has the most legroom in coach, which makes it so much easier to slide that pet carrier under the seat in front of you—and it means there will still be room for your legs after you do. Want even more space? Purchase EvenMore® for extra legroom, early boarding, a prime location toward the front (for faster deplaning, too!), dedicated overhead bin space and even more premium perks. Available on all JetBlue planes. FAQs What documents do I need for my pet? Pet vaccination, documentation and entry requirements vary for each destination, so be sure to check the requirements for each destination on your itinerary well in advance. Traveling internationally ? Restrictions, requirements and documentation for both dogs (including service dogs) and cats vary by origin, destination, date of booking and date of travel. U.S. entry requirements for pets vary based on country of origin, and failure to meet these requirements may result in problems upon arrival, up to refused entry. What documents do I need for my pet? We only accept small dogs. No large dogs are accommodated on JetBlue. (Exception: Some service animals ). Your dog must fit comfortably in a pet carrier that does not exceed 17" L x 12.5" W x 8.5" H (43.18 cm L x 31.75 cm W x 21.59 cm H) No dogs/cats are carried in cargo. How do I book my pet? You can book your pet online at jetblue.com, downloading the free JetBlue app, or by contacting us . Can I buy an extra seat for my dog or cat? Yes! You may book an extra seat for your pet. However, the pet must be placed in their carrier in the floor space of the extra seat. Pets are not allowed to sit on the seat. During taxi, takeoff, and landing, your pet must remain inside the carrier under the seat in front of you. During the rest of the flight, you may hold the carrier on your lap. Or, if you purchased an additional seat for your pet, you may place the carrier on that seat or on your lap. No large dogs are accommodated on JetBlue . (Exception: Some service animals ). How many pets can I bring with me on my trip? A maximum of two pets per traveler is allowed, each in their own carrier. In order to bring a second pet, a second seat and pet fee must be paid. A total of 6 pets are allowed on each flight, so it’s best to book early. How much does it cost to fly with a pet? The pet fee is $150 each way and can be added during booking or in Manage Trips . A total of 6 pets are allowed on each flight, so it’s best to book early. How do I book a dog in cargo? We do not book dogs/cats in cargo, only in the cabin. How do I indicate that I'm traveling with a service dog? Get the scoop on service animal travel. We’ve partnered with Open Doors Organization to streamline service animal travel requests. Requesting service animal travel is a two-step process that must be completed at least 48 hours prior to your flight. We recommend starting this process as soon as you book your reservation. If your trip includes a flight on a partner airline, you'll need to contact them separately as their process may be different. Do service animals have to be in a carrier? No, service animals must be able to move about and provide needed service to the customer. How big can emotional support animals be in the cabin? We no longer accept emotional support animals. Was this page helpful? Yes No Need more info? Check out our pet help page for destination-specific policies and more. See pet policies Going global. Not all our destinations allow pets. Get the details on international travel with your four-legged family members. More on international travel Traveling through JFK? JetBlue’s Terminal 5 is the cat’s meow, with 2 pet relief areas, including the T5 Rooftop & Wooftop Lounge. Explore JetBlue’s T5 Wag-worthy swag. Prepare for takeoff with JetBlue pet accessories and toys, including our popular FAA-approved carrier. Shop now Need help? Search for answers Submit search Get To Know Us Credit Cards JetBlue Swag Our Planes Our Company Partner Airlines Travel Agents Investor Relations Careers Site Map Contact Us Policies Legal Accessibility Contract of Carriage Tarmac Delay Plan Customer Service Plan Privacy Modern Slavery Optional Services and Fees Canada Customer Rights Do not sell my info JetBlue In Action JetBlue for Good Sustainability Business With Purpose Military Press Room Get To Know Us Credit Cards JetBlue Swag Our Planes Our Company Partner Airlines Travel Agents Investor Relations Careers Site Map Contact Us Policies Legal Accessibility Contract of Carriage Tarmac Delay Plan Customer Service Plan Privacy Modern Slavery Optional Services and Fees Canada Customer Rights Do not sell my info JetBlue In Action JetBlue for Good Sustainability Business With Purpose Military Press Room Stay Connected Join our email list Download the JetBlue mobile app See help topics Indicates link opens an external site and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as JetBlue. ©2025 JetBlue Airways English